hello guys and welcome to another video
today I just wanted to talk about the
fact that I was I have a lot of ideas
going on and a lot of them I can't do
immediately but then something I was
thinking of is that a lot of people
liked my training series when I started
from a reclaimed and built my way up
from that so I was thinking possibly of
just scrapping this series I have now
since it wasn't going very well and I
don't mind anybody saying that even if
you think it was going all right it's
two episodes were still in the pretty
much the same thing two episodes and
have made like what four f4f per episode
which is not good at all and then but
then a lot of people liked it when I
started from a1 refined metal or like
everybody liked my revolve to riches
series where I started from 0.33 and
traded up to something from that so I
was thinking instead of just skipping
the Australian rocket launcher series
from now i'll come back to it for series
3 or series for whichever number it will
be all got then using this for some
other stuff using that for something
else but then starting from something
else like maybe a refined and then going
to my dream soldier set which is what a
lot of people have been demanding and
also I've been wanting to do as well
since Australian rocket launches keep
going up so I know it's probably a good
idea to get one quick but I saw one like
just do a trading series to get unusual
hats so I have a lot of a lot more
things and my pages will get more filled
up with the series so just let me know
what you think to this
basically just tell me what you think
I'd love to hear your opinion if you
want to keep going with this series so
far then that's fine we'll if enough
people say it if you want me to start
with a lower tier trading series where I
go for a dream set which is what a lot
of people wanted and a lot of people
wanted revolve to riches to be then just
let me know I really want to just do the
lower tier one just because as I
remembered there was like more trades
easier to do when it was lower tier just
because then well since it was lower
tier i was getting more items cradle
down quicker whereas unusual recently
for me it's been going really really
slowly so just let me know what you
think I don't mind whatever you say but
then like because I've always wanted
quite a bit of pure for myself but
because I've sent myself to task of
doing to trade in series of ones and
I've only got a few clicks recorded of
this I just wanted to combine it all
together just for myself and then start
something else what a light on my own so
just let me know what you think I'll go
with the majority because you know I
don't want to suggest these ideas saying
you have a choice and then just choosing
what I wanted anyway but the reason I
was thinking about this is because a lot
of people preferred it when I gave tips
for making profit a lot of people have
still asked me how to make profit when
your lower tier so I want to sort of
show every bit of this again and sort of
help the new audience because I didn't
have a thousand subs when i started my
revolver too rich a series i don't think
and that's gained me a thousand subs
which is insane but i'm not doing it for
the subscribers that's just made it
sound like I was but I do I do it
because I want to help you guys make
profit just because a lot of people ask
me so I'm just thinking if I can make an
up-to-date one just because you know
every video you make something's
outdated
the economy is the safe so varied CA
just let me know what you think I'm up
to all suggestions I guess but I do sort
of want to do like a lower tier 1 and
then i have like hired trading at the
side which is a bit like what profit
does he's got like one series going and
then he's got a lot of what was it and
he's got a lot of pure right to the side
where he does other things with so i
want to sort of do that the soldiers
that I'd be going for would be like a
scorching an anti-freeze set which will
look quite cool or I could just take
some suggestions so yeah just let me
know any suggestions are awesome see ya
thanks for watching this video and I
will see you in the next one